README.md, before:

# Simulators
This repository contains proof-of-concept implementations of the RAST (introduced at [MASCOTS2022](https://doi.org/10.1109/MASCOTS56607.2022.00015))
Simulator component for the following Systems Under Evaluation:

1. Alarm Receiving Software (ARS): ARS is a commercial software system from the GS company group. For more information, visit [GS Electronic](https://www.gselectronic.com).
2. TeaStore: TeaStore is an open-source project hosted on GitHub. You can find the repository at [TeaStore Repository](https://github.com/DescartesResearch/TeaStore).

# How to Start the Simulator
To start the Simulator, follow these steps:

1. Navigate to your local Simulator folder.
2. Execute the command `./gradlew run`.
3. The specific Simulator to start is defined in the `build.gradle.kts` file on the line `mainClass.set("TeastoreKt")`.
4. If the Simulator starts successfully, you will see the following line printed on the console: `INFO ktor.application - Responding at http://0.0.0.0:8081`.
5. To terminate the Simulator, press `Ctrl + C`.

# How to Adjust the Predictive Model
To adjust the predictive model for either the ARS or the TeaStore Simulator, follow these steps:

1. For ARS Simulator:
    - Navigate to the `ars.kt` file.
    - Locate the `MODEL_TO_USE` variable and change its default value.
    - The available models and mappings can be found in the following folder: `<your_local_simulators_folder>/src/main/resources`.
      Look for files starting with the word "gs".

2. For TeaStore Simulator:
    - Navigate to the `teastore.kt` file.
    - Locate the `modelToUse` variable and change its default value.
    - The available models and mappings can be found in the following folder: `<your_local_simulators_folder>/src/main/resources`.
      Look for files starting with the word "teastore".

# How to Adjust the Maximum Number of Corrections (corr_max)

The corr_max value is passed to the constructor of the class `RASTSimulationKtorPlugins`. Follow these steps:

1. For ARS Simulator:
	- Navigate to the `ars.kt` file.
	- Locate the line `val rastSimulationKtorPlugins = RASTSimulationKtorPlugins(prefix, urlsToIgnoreInPlugins, predictor)`
    - Pass your desired corr_max value, such as `val rastSimulationKtorPlugins = RASTSimulationKtorPlugins(prefix, urlsToIgnoreInPlugins, predictor, 1)`

1. For TeaStore Simulator:
    - Navigate to the `teastore.kt` file.
	- Locate the line `var corr_max = 0`
    - Set your desired corr_max value, such as `var corr_max = 1`.

Commit message:

docs(Simulators): instructions for adjusting the model

README.md, after:

# Simulators
This repository contains proof-of-concept implementations of the RAST (introduced at [MASCOTS2022](https://doi.org/10.1109/MASCOTS56607.2022.00015))
Simulator component for the following Systems Under Evaluation:

1. Alarm Receiving Software (ARS): ARS is a commercial software system from the GS company group. For more information, visit [GS Electronic](https://www.gselectronic.com).
2. TeaStore: TeaStore is an open-source project hosted on GitHub. You can find the repository at [TeaStore Repository](https://github.com/DescartesResearch/TeaStore).

# How to Start the Simulator
To start the Simulator, follow these steps:

1. Navigate to your local Simulator folder.
2. Execute the command `./gradlew run`.
3. The specific Simulator to start is defined in the `build.gradle.kts` file on the line `mainClass.set("TeastoreKt")`.
4. If the Simulator starts successfully, you will see the following line printed on the console: `INFO ktor.application - Responding at http://0.0.0.0:8081`.
5. To terminate the Simulator, press `Ctrl + C`.

# How to Adjust the Predictive Model
To adjust the predictive model for either the ARS or the TeaStore Simulator, follow these steps:

1. For ARS Simulator:
    - Navigate to the `ars.kt` file.
    - Locate the `MODEL_TO_USE` variable and change its default value.
    - The available models and mappings can be found in the following folder: `<your_local_simulators_folder>/src/main/resources`.
      Look for files starting with the word "gs".

2. For TeaStore Simulator:
    - Navigate to the `teastore.kt` file.
    - Locate the `modelToUse` variable and change its default value.
    - The available models and mappings can be found in the following folder: `<your_local_simulators_folder>/src/main/resources`.
      Look for files starting with the word "teastore".

# How to Use a Custom Predictive Model
## Quick way (override an existing model)
* rename your model file (.pmml) and the request type mapping file (.json) to match an existing model, e.g.:
    * for a ridge regression model for the TeaStore simulator that uses PR 1, PR 2 and Request Type as predictor variables: `predictive_model_Ridge_09-12-2023_09:11:49.pmml` => `teastore_model_Ridge_T_PR_1_3.pmml`.
    * for a mapping file for the TeaStore simulator that uses ordinal encoding: `requests_mapping_09-12-2023_09:11:49.json` => `teastore_requests_mapping_LR_ordinal_encoding.json` 
* copy the model file and the request type mapping file to `<your_local_simulators_folder>/src/main/resources` and overwrite the existing files (backup the old files if you like).

# How to Adjust the Maximum Number of Corrections (corr_max)

The corr_max value is passed to the constructor of the class `RASTSimulationKtorPlugins`. Follow these steps:

1. For ARS Simulator:
    - Navigate to the `ars.kt` file.
    - Locate the line `val rastSimulationKtorPlugins = RASTSimulationKtorPlugins(prefix, urlsToIgnoreInPlugins, predictor)`
    - Pass your desired corr_max value, such as `val rastSimulationKtorPlugins = RASTSimulationKtorPlugins(prefix, urlsToIgnoreInPlugins, predictor, 1)`

2. For TeaStore Simulator:
    - Navigate to the `teastore.kt` file.
    - Locate the line `var corr_max = 0`
    - Set your desired corr_max value, such as `var corr_max = 1`.
